Cell:
Your cell is small and dank. It reeks of the past prisoners and you wonder about their fate. The
thought sends shivers down your spine. You desperately look about your cell to find some way
to escape. The cell is small and there isn’t much to look at. There is a bed with sheets that were
probably white once upon a time, a dingy mirror, a small window from which pale sunlight pours
into the tiny cell, and the heavy lock to the door. Sheets​, Mirror​, Lock

Sheets_0​:
You tear the sheets off the bed and shake them out. You look about for some way to use the
sheets but you realize they are of little help. You crumple the sheets and throw them on the hard
concrete floor. Maybe you should take another look around. Return to Cell

Mirror​:
You gaze into the dirty little mirror and see a person you hardly recognize. You wipe the soot off
your face and try to fix your hair but you’re still unsatisfied with the face that stares back at you.
You punch the mirror out of frustration. The mirror shatters and the shards fall to the floor. You
stare down at the broken pieces beneath you. Take​ or Return to Cell

Lock_0​:
You shake the lock in hopes that the jailer forgot to lock it but you are met only with the loud
clattering of the heavy lock against the metal door. “There has to be something useful in this
cell” you mutter to yourself. Maybe you should take another look around. Return to Cell

Cell_mirror​:
You pick up a piece of the mirror and sheath it in your waistband Sheets ​or Lock

Sheets_1​:
You gather the sheets and shake them out. You look about for some way to use them but you
realize they are of little help. You crumple the sheets and throw them on the hard concrete floor.
Maybe you should take anothe

Corridor_0​:
Your heart is beating fast from the adrenaline as you take in your surroundings. The jailer’s bag
lies at your feet, to your left there is some sort of closet door, and at the end of the hall to your
right you see some stairs. Stairs, Floor, Closet

Stairs_0​:
You dash up the stairs and peak about. There seems to be a lavish party going on and several
body guards stand at the outskirts of the room. Maybe this isn’t such a good idea. Return

Floor​:
You riffle through the jailer’s belongings and find something useful. Hair clip ​or Return

Closet_door​:
You walk up to the closet door but it seems to be locked. If only you had something to unlock it.
Return

Corridor_1​:
To your left there is some sort of closet door, and at the end of the hall to your right you see
some stairs. Stairs ​or Pick

Stairs_1​:
You dash up the stairs and peak about. There seems to be a lavish party going on and several
body guards stand at the outskirts of the room. Maybe this isn’t such a good idea. Return

In_closet​:
You walk up to the closet door but it seems to be locked. You remember the hair clip in your
waistband and pick the lock. Inside you find some cleaning supplies as well as a janitor’s
uniform. Return​ or dress

Corridor_2​:
You walk back into the corridor leaving the closet door ajar. Your only other option is to go
upstairs. Stairs​ or back

Stairs_2​:
You dash up the stairs and peak about. There seems to be a lavish party going on and several
body guards stand at the outskirts of the room. Maybe this isn’t such a good idea. Return

Corridor_3​:
You put on the janitor’s uniform. It’s a little baggy but it’ll do. You walk back into the corridor.
Stairs​ or undress

Courtyard​:
You calmly walk up the stairs. You pull your hat down and walk as though you belong there in
the hopes that no one recognizes you. You walk past the body guards and party goers
undetected and out into the courtyard. The sun beats down on your face and you breathe in the
fresh air. You dash across the courtyard and hop the low bearing wall to freedom.